go placidly amid the noise and haste and
remember what peace there may be in
silence as far as possible without
surrender be on good terms with all
persons speak your truth quietly and
clearly and listen to others ending the
Darland ignorant they - of their story
avoid loud and aggressive persons they
have vexatious to the spirit if you
compare yourself with others you may
become vain or bitter for always there
will be Greater and Lesser persons than
yourself enjoy your achievements as well
as your plans keep interest in your own
career however it is a real possession
in the changing fortunes of time
exercise caution in your business
affairs for the world is full of
trickery but that does not blind you to
what virtue there is many persons strive
for high ideals and everywhere life is
full of heroism be yourself especially
do not feign affection neither be
cynical about love for in the face of
all aridity and disenchantment it is as
perennial as the grass
take kindly the counsel of the year's
gracefully surrendering the things of
youth nurtures strength of spirit to
shield you in sudden misfortune but do
not distress yourself with dark
imaginings many fears are born of
fatigue and loneliness beyond a
wholesome discipline be gentle with
yourself you are a child of the universe
no less than the trees and the stars
never write to be here and whether or
not it is clear to you know to help the
universe is unfolding as it should
therefore be at peace with God whatever
you conceived him to be and whatever
your Labor's and aspirations in the
noisy confusion of life keep peace in
your soul with all that sham drudgery
and broken dreams it is still a
beautiful night
be cheerful strive to be happy